Keep your face to the sunshine and you cannot see the shadow -　Helen Keller（ヘレン・ケラー）　-
The flower that blooms in adversity is the rarest and most beautiful of all -　Walt Disney（ウォルト・ディズニー）　-
The most important thing is to enjoy your life – to be happy – it’s all that matters -　Audrey Hepburn（オードリー・ヘップバーン）　-
The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall -　Nelson Mandela（ネルソン・マンデラ）　-
Say you just can’t live that negative way. You know what I mean. Make way for the positive day. Cause it’s a new day -　Bob Marley（ボブ・マーリー）　-
You’ll never find a rainbow if you’re looking down -　Charlie Chaplin（チャップリン）　-
Never, never, never, never give up -　Winston Churchill（ウィンストン・チャーチル）　-
A woman is like a tea bag; you never know how strong it is until it’s in hot water -　Eleanor Roosevelt（エレノア・ルーズベルト）　-
The human race has one really effective weapon, and that is laughter -　Mark Twain（マーク・トウェイン）　-
Defeat? I do not recognize the meaning of the word -　Margaret Thatcher（マーガレット・サッチャー）　-
I am not concerned that you have fallen – I am concerned that you arise -　Abraham Lincoln（エイブラハム・リンカーン）　-
Just trust yourself, then you will know how to live -　Johann Wolfgang von Goethe（ゲーテ）　-
Take your hats off to the past, but take your coats off to the future -　Clare Boothe Luce（クレア・ブース・ルース）　-
Hold your head high, stick your chest out. You can make it. It gets dark sometimes, but morning comes. Keep hope alive -　Jesse Jackson（ジェシー・ジャクソン）　-
Get action. Seize the moment. Man was never intended to become an oyster　-　Theodore Roosevelt（セオドア・ルーズベルト）　-
The world is round and the place which may seem like the end may also be only the beginning　-　Ivy Baker Priest（アイビー・ベイカー・プリースト）　-
Before the reward there must be labor. You plant before you harvest. You sow in tears before you reap joy　-　Ralph Ransom（ラルフ・ランサム）　-
Let us go singing as far as we go: the road will be less tedious　-　Virgil（ウェルギリウス）　-
Laugh, and the world laughs with you; Weep, and you weep alone　-　Ella Wheeler Wilcox（エラ・ウィーラー・ウィルコックス）　-
A good hearty laugh would help more than ten Valerian pills　-　Anne Frank（アンネ・フランク）　-
Those who don’t know how to weep with their whole heart don’t know how to laugh either -　Golda Meir（ゴルダ・メイア）　-
One can’t believe impossible things. I dare say you haven’t had much practice -　Lewis Carroll（ルイス・キャロル）　-
There is no man living who isn’t capable of doing more than he thinks he can do -　Henry Ford（ヘンリー・フォード）　-
Happiness depends upon ourselves -　Aristotle（アリストテレス）　-
Our greatest glory is not in never failing, but in rising up every time we fail -　Ralph Waldo Emerson（エマーソン）　-
